Welcome to the Pastry Emporium Assistance Guide

A description of our shop can be found on the Home page, beneath 'About Pastry Emporium'. This details our purpose, standards and a bit about ourselves generally.

Below our description is where you will find our available pastries. It is here that all available pastries are displayed with a name, brief description, image and a price. To see all details related to a specific pastry, simply click anywhere in the pastry's display box and you will be redirected.

Also on the Home page is a short paragraph of our services.

Unregistered users will solely be permitted to submit feedback, which can be done by selecting the 'Contact Us' tab within the navigation bar. When selected, the user will be shown a message form where they must insert their name, email address and message. Once sent, messages cannot be edited, deleted or viewed.

Unregistered users also have the option of logging into the application. By clicking the 'Login' tab within the navigation bar, the user will be required to enter a username and password. Invalid input will result in an error message.

Once logged in, registered users have access to the same information as unregistered users. However, they are additionally permitted to access the pastries database where the details of all available pastries, as well as the ability to create, edit or delete items. This database may be accessed by selecting the 'Pastries' tab within the navigation bar.

Registered users have access to the customers database, where the details (name, address, town and county) of customers is stored. Registered users may edit, delete and create new users to/from the database. The database may be accessed by selecting the 'Customer' tab within the navigation bar.

Customer purchases may be seen, editted, deleted and created by registered users by selecting the 'Purchases' tab within the navigation bar. It is here that the database details are stored, displaying the customer's ID (created by database on new submittion) and a pastry ID.

Additionally to creating feedback, registered users also have access to viewing, deleting and editing feedback.\n\nOnly an admin may register a new user to the application, which may be done by selecting the 'Register' tab within the navigation bar.\n\nTo access out privacy policy, click 'Privacy' within the footer tab.

Once 'OK' is clicked the current page will be refreshed.


If you have any inquiries, feel free to leave us a message and we will get back to you as soon as we can. Thank you!

© 2019 - Pastry Emporium